Dread
Dread considers itself “the front page of the dark net” and many liken it to a dark web version of Reddit. You can go there to get answers to any questions you might have and stay completely anonymous. You can also just go to explore what’s going on in the anonymous crowd. 
http://dreadytofatroptsdj6io7l3xptbet6onoyno2yv7jicoxknyazubrad.onion 

Daniel 
People often recommend The Hidden Wiki as the best place to find dark web links. But the truth is the majority of links on The Hidden Wiki are criminal sites, crypto scams, or carry malware. 
Daniel lists more than 7,000 dark web links and automatically tests them. It shows the last time the link was tested. That way, you get a fair idea of whether it’s safe to visit. 
http://danielas3rtn54uwmofdo3x2bsdifr47huasnmbgqzfrec5ubupvtpid.onion/

Haystak
If you’re looking for quantity and variety, Haystack indexes more than 1.5 billion pages. The search engine doesn’t track you or collect data for profit but you might see some advertisements. If you upgrade to its premium version, you can avoid seeing ads and have more access. 
Pro tip: Just because Haystak indexes a lot of dark web links, it doesn’t mean they’re all safe or legal. It’s a comprehensive search engine, so some sites are bound to be dangerous or broken.
http://haystak5njsmn2hqkewecpaxetahtwhsbsa64jom2k22z5afxhnpxfid.onion/

Hidden Wallet
Cryptocurrency transactions may be more anonymous than purchasing with your card, but they don’t guarantee anonymity. Transactions are recorded in the blockchain, so anyone who knows your Bitcoin address can find a history of your transaction. When you use Hidden Wallet, you bypass this problem and can purchase with complete anonymity. 
http://d46a7ehxj6d6f2cf4hi3b424uzywno24c7qtnvdvwsah5qpogewoeqid.onion/

SecureDrop
Cybercriminals plant data-collecting malware all over the dark web to target vulnerable visitors. SecureDrop is a secure information-sharing system. It encrypts any data people submit to it. This makes it ideal for whistleblowers who would suffer if their identity got out. 
Use Secure Drop if you need to privately share data with a publication.
http://sdolvtfhatvsysc6l34d65ymdwxcujausv7k5jk4cy5ttzhjoi6fzvyd.onion/

ProPublica
ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative journalism organization. You can access it on the surface web but it has a dark web version to help journalists in tricky situations. The anonymity you get on the Tor version lets you bypass country blocks. So, journalists reporting from countries with heavy censorship can feel safe. 
If you live in a country where certain news sites are restricted, you might also benefit from staying up-to-date with ProPublica. While Tor definitely adds a layer of privacy, you can also just use a VPN to access news from other countries. 
http://p53lf57qovyuvwsc6xnrppyply3vtqm7l6pcobkmyqsiofyeznfu5uqd.onion/ 

Comic Book Library
You can download thousands of free comic books from Comic Book Library and it’s a hotspot for Comic fans. You can find everything from mainstream Marvel to niche manga comics. Just be careful of copyright infringement and check before downloading. 
http://nv3x2jozywh63fkohn5mwp2d73vasusjixn3im3ueof52fmbjsigw6ad.onion/ 

ZeroBin
ZeroBin is an encrypted communication service. It lets you send messages anonymously without a third party knowing your identity. The platform owners won’t be able to see your data either. 
ZeroBon lets you post password-protected messages. You can also send them in self-destruct mode. That way, it’ll automatically destroy itself once read. The messaging system uses 256-bit AES encryption. If you need to privately share information, ZeroBin is one of the safest options.
http://zerobinftagjpeeebbvyzjcqyjpmjvynj5qlexwyxe7l3vqejxnqv5qd.onion/

Riseup
Riseup is a malware-protected email and chat service that doesn’t keep records of your activity. It supports the cause of “human liberation” and doesn’t cooperate with governments. You can’t say the same thing for Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. This makes it a great place for activists to convene and share ideas. 
The only thing is, you can’t just access Riseup, you need an invitation code to set up an account. This can be a bit tricky if you don’t know anyone with an existing account.
http://vww6ybal4bd7szmgncyruucpgfkqahzddi37ktceo3ah7ngmcopnpyyd.onion/

Imperial Library of Trantor
Imperial Library is a public database of scanned books. It currently has about 400,000 books available to the public. You can access it on the clear net or by using Tor. If you love reading and are searching for a new database for free books, you’ll love the Imperial Library. 
Bear in mind, there may be copyright issues on some books, so make sure to double check something before downloading. 
http://kx5thpx2olielkihfyo4jgjqfb7zx7wxr3sd4xzt26ochei4m6f7tayd.onion/

Tor Metrics
Tor Metrics is a dark web statistics website. It’s a good place to demystify dark web activity. 
You’ll get access to a bunch of stats helping you understand where dark web traffic comes from and why people use the dark net. If you’re doing research about the dark net, Tor Metrics can be a very helpful resource. 
http://hctxrvjzfpvmzh2jllqhgvvkoepxb4kfzdjm6h7egcwlumggtktiftid.onion/
