Bug description

An unauthenticated access bypass vulnerability has been identified in the Taiga project management platform. By leveraging the "X-rewrite-url" header and sending a specific value, an attacker can gain unauthorized access to the "api/v1/application-tokens" endpoint. This report highlights the vulnerability, its impact, and provides recommendations for mitigation.


Vulnerability Details:


Vulnerable Endpoint: https://taiga.puzzle.ch/api/v1/application-tokens

Impact: Unauthenticated access to the application tokens API endpoint, which may expose sensitive information such as access tokens used for authentication and authorization.
Exploitation

Attack Scenario:


An attacker sends a specially crafted request to the target URL, "https://taiga.puzzle.ch", with the following HTTP header:


Header: X-rewrite-url

Value: api/v1/application-tokens

The server processes the request and, due to the lack of proper access control, provides unauthorized access to the "api/v1/application-tokens" endpoint.
PoC

curl -X GET "https://taiga.puzzle.ch" -H "X-rewrite-url: api/v1/application-tokens"

Impact

The attacker gains access to application tokens, which could be used to impersonate legitimate users, escalate privileges, or perform further malicious actions within the platform.


Affected Component:

The vulnerable component in the Taiga project management platform is the "api/v1/application-tokens" endpoint.
Remediation

To address the identified vulnerability and enhance the security of the Taiga platform, the following recommendations are provided:


Implement proper access controls: The server should enforce proper access controls and authentication mechanisms to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive API endpoints. Only authenticated and authorized users should be allowed to access the "api/v1/application-tokens" endpoint.


Input validation and sanitization: Implement strict input validation and sanitization techniques to ensure that user-supplied data, such as HTTP headers, is properly validated and does not allow unauthorized access to sensitive resources.


Security testing and code review: Conduct thorough security testing and code review to identify and address any potential access control vulnerabilities throughout the application. This should include both manual review and automated vulnerability scanning tools.


Implement rate limiting and anomaly detection: Implement rate limiting mechanisms and anomaly detection algorithms to detect and prevent abuse or malicious activities, such as brute-force attacks or excessive requests to sensitive endpoints.


Regular security assessments: Perform regular security assessments, including penetration testing, to identify and mitigate any security vulnerabilities or weaknesses within the Taiga platform.


Security education and awareness: Provide training and education to developers and administrators regarding secure coding practices, the importance of access controls, and how to properly handle sensitive data.